Change description for unhealthy (#19057)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/more-info/unhealthy/untrusted.markdown

## The issue

Home Assistant detected untrusted code. It looks like someone/something injected not signed images or code into your Home Assistant system.

## The solution

> Please make sure your network is not affected by an intruder. We recommend to reinstall your installation and make sure only authorized person have access to your instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please make sure your network is not affected by an intruder. We recommend reinstalling your installation and make sure only authorized persons have access to your instance.
```
